Tactics: 

Persistence consists of techniques that adversaries use to keep access to systems across restarts, changed credentials, and other interruptions that could cut off 
their access. Techniques used for persistence include any access, action, or configuration changes that let them maintain their foothold on systems, such as replacing or hijacking
legitimate code or adding startup code.

Techniques:

Scheduled Task/Job : Adversaries may abuse task scheduling functionality to facilitate initial or recurring execution of malicious code. Utilities exist within all major operating
systems to schedule programs or scripts to be executed at a specified date and time. A task can also be scheduled on a remote system, provided the proper authentication is met
(ex: RPC and file and printer sharing in Windows environments). Scheduling a task on a remote system typically may require being a member of an admin or otherwise privileged 
group on the remote system.

Procedure: I have done one lab of "Maintaining Access: Schtasks" in which firstly i have performed fingerprint of the target by using NMAP and i have found multiple ports are open
including port 80 and then now i have run NMAP gain to find out the version of service running on port 80 (nmap -sV -p 80 target ip). Once command completed i have observed that
httpFileServer 2.3 running on port 80 in target system. Now i am searching for any exploit for hfs 2.3 (searchsploit hfs) and found Rejetto HTTP File Server (HFS) 2.3 is vulnerable
to RCE.Now first phase completed.

Now open metasploit framework (msfconsole -q) and load exploit (exploit/windows/http/rejetto_hfs_exec) and also checke options and set values of all required parameters and
exploit the target.We have successfully exploit the target and get a meterpreter shell. Now 2nd phase completed.

Now i am checking the current user which i got after exploitation and got to know that i am running as administrator user so now i am going to elevate to the system priviege
to NT authrority (getsystem).After running getsystem i have elevated my privilege and now running as NT






